Update customer-managed-keys.md - CapacityReservationLevel error (#187)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-monitor-docs: articles/azure-monitor/logs/customer-managed-keys.md

>[!IMPORTANT]
>- Key rotation can be automatic or per explicit key version, see [Key rotation](#key-rotation) to determine suitable approach before updating the key identifier details in cluster.
>- Cluster update should not include both identity and key identifier details in the same operation. If you need to update both, the update should be in two consecutive operations.

> >- If you're only enabling or changing CMK, use the REST API instead of CLI to avoid capacity reservation errors due to CLI's stateless behaviour.

Reviewer: Thank you for the great conversation today to help explain this further. Let's get this line in today with a small update. Then I'll work to add some clearer information in some other places.
```suggestion
>- If you're only enabling or changing CMK, use the REST API instead of the CLI. The cluster update CLI sends an update to capacity even when that property isn't used in the command, triggering thresholds for 30 day change or 500GB minimum.
```
